feat: add an API for registering source types (#927)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/how-to/source-handler.rst

Author: @medubelko if you'd like I can move this to a separate PR. We didn't have a documentation task for this and I decided it was worth documenting so I just included it here.

of a source handler are its source model (a `Pydantic <https://pydantic.dev/>`_
model that defines the ``source-*`` keys that may be used in a part) and the
handler, a class that defines how the source type behaves during the ``PULL``
step.

The Pydantic model is a child class of
:py:class:`~craft_parts.sources.base.BaseSourceModel`. The only mandatory field
is :py:attr:`~craft_parts.sources.base.BaseSourceModel.source_type`.

.. literalinclude:: source-handler/rsync_source.py
    :language: python
    :pyobject: RsyncDirectorySourceModel

The :py:attr:`~craft_parts.sources.base.BaseSourceModel.pattern` attribute
allows Craft Parts to infer the source based on a regular expression. The first
source handler with a matching regular expression will be used, with built-in
source types matching before externally registered source types.

Once this is defined, a :py:class:`~craft_parts.sources.base.SourceHandler` is
needed to define the ``PULL`` behaviour of the source type.

.. literalinclude:: source-handler/rsync_source.py
    :language: python
    :pyobject: RsyncSource

.. note::
    Craft Parts does not install any required tools for custom source handlers.

>     The given handler will fail on a machine that does not have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The handler in this example will fail on a machine that does not have
```

>     `rsync <https://rsync.samba.org/>`_ installed before the part is pulled.

Reviewer 2: Is it by design ?
It's a bit of limitation, that you cannot specify additional package to handle the source type

Author: More about not wanting to change too many unrelated parts. Currently sources don't define the packages they need like plugins do, so we'd have to change the design to include that. Since we don't currently have a use case for additional dependencies, the extra work to do that was something I decided against.

When we come up with a use case for it, we can modify sources to include pull packages and snaps like we do with plugins.
